WT Assignment List

Assignment 1

DONE 1. Formatting Tag	
DONE 2. Various Table Layout
DONE 3. Write the HTML code to show each letter of a word with new color giving a rainbow effect.

Assignment 2

DONE 1. Design Login Page, Page must have fields in page username, password, remember me and Login button.
DONE 2. Design student registration page(New Semester) in HTML.
DONE 3. Write a form to collect details of a user such as name, address, radio button to choose a subject of book user want to buy, dropdown to choose favorite author and comments for the last book user read.
DONE 4. Design a simple form to register for the new users including username, password, email, mobile number, gender, and hobbies.

Assignment 3

DONE 1. Show the use of frameset and iframe with its attributes. 
DONE 2. Show how can following be achieved with the help of metadata?
a)    Stop the page from being listed
b)    Set an expiration date
c)    Stop the browser from caching a page
d)    Give a context for the date so that it can take format MM-DD-YYYY and DD-MM-YYYY
e)    What is the meaning of the following :
i)  <meta name=”robots” content=”noindex,nofollow” />
ii) <meta http-equiv=”pragma” content=”no-cache” />
DONE 3. Build the resume as per user requirement.

Assignment 4

DONE 1. Study and Implement different types of Style Sheet with all properties and their values.
DONE 2. Build a GMAIL Signup page using HTML, CSS.

Assignment 5

DONE 1. Write down HTML/CSS code to create table with 5 rows and 3 columns. Even no. of rows display in green color and odd no. of rows display in yellow color.
DONE 2. Write the following styles in separate CSS file and also show how to link this CSS file in HTML file and show use of styles
	a)The headings should have normal font style and font’s size should be 120%
	b)Define a class arial for paragraph which defines font family arial and font style bold.
	c)Apply a background color yellow and apply a background image “browntile.jpg”
DONE 3. Specify the CSS to provide; link: after visited blue color and before visited red color, table with odd rows white and even rows blue color.
DONE 4. Write   cascading   style   sheet   to   get   following   formatting   for   the paragraph.
Text color-green
Text-indentation – 2 cm
Font-courier
Font style-italic
Text case-uppercase
DONE 5. Write HTML and CSS code for the following: 
(i) Set color of visited link to "green".
(ii) Set background color of paragraph to “yellow”
(iii) Set list style for unordered lists to "square".
(iv) Set "calendar.jpeg" as the repeated background image of the page.
DONE 6. Template Layout(Calendar)